Update creating-a-subgraph with proper template command (#540)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/graphs/creating-a-subgraph.mdx

> If your installed version of Rover doesn't include the `template` command (or if you don't have Rover installed at all), [install the latest version.](/rover/getting-started/)

You start by running `rover template use`, providing it the ID of your chosen template. For example, the following command creates a new directory called `my-subgraph` that contains the boilerplate code for a subgraph written in TypeScript using the Apollo Server library:

```bash

> rover template use my-subgraph --template=subgraph-typescript-apollo-server

Reviewer: The template reference doc sometimes has these in quotes, is that necessary?

```suggestion
rover template use "my-subgraph" --template="subgraph-typescript-apollo-server"
```

<img width="750" alt="image" src="https://github.com/apollographql/docs/assets/23219998/4d1c65a4-14ad-430e-86bd-73c9ac4b2523">

```

> > To see the full list of avaialable template, see the [Rover template docs](/rover/commands/template)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To see the full list of available templates, see the [Rover template docs](/rover/commands/template)
```
